adminEntity.searchFields docs (#140)
williamdclt/nestjs-admin: docs/admin-entity.md

- `listDisplay` values cannot refer to `ManyToOne`, `OneToMany` or `ManyToMany` fields.

### AdminEntity.searchFields

Configures whether the search box will be displayed on the list page, and which fields of the entity will be searched.

```typescript
searchFields = ['firstName', 'lastName', 'createdDate', 'gender']
```

![image](assets/AdminEntity.searchFields.png)

- If you don't set `searchFields`, the search box will not be displayed on the list page.
- If you search for `john`, the entity instances will be displayed if `john` appears in any of the configured fields.

> - If you search for `john smith`, the entity instances will be displayed if `john` appears in any of the configured fields AND if `john` appears in any of the configured fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you search for `john smith`, an entity instance will be displayed if `john` appears in any of the configured fields AND if `smith` appears in any of the configured fields.
```
